'Cause sometimes you just feel
tired, you feel weak
And when you feel weak you
feel like you want to just
give up
But you gotta search within
you, you gotta find that inner
strength
And just pull that **** out of
you and get that motivation to
not give up
And not be a quitter, no
matter how bad you want to
just fall flat on your face
and collapse
'Til I collapse I'm spilling
these **** long as you feel
'em
'Til the day that I drop
you'll never say that I'm not
******* 'em
'Cause when I am not then I'm
a stop pinning them
And I am not hip-hop and I'm
just not Eminem
Subliminal thoughts when I'm
stop sending them
***** are caught in webs spin
and hock venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin
could not get the illin' to
stop
Amoxicillin is just not real enough
The criminal cop ******* hip-
hop filling a
Minimal swap to cop millions
of Pac listeners
You're coming with me, feel it or not
You're gonna fear it like I
showed you the spirit of god
lives in us
You hear it a lot, lyrics that
shock, is it a miracle
Or am I just a product of pop fizzing up
For ****zle my whizzle this is
the plot listen up
You Bizzles forgot Slizzle
does not give a ****
'Til the roof comes off, till
the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't
shut my mouth.
'Til the smoke clears out and
my high perhaps
I'm a rip this **** till my
bone collapse.
'Til the roof comes off, till
the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't
shut my mouth.
'Til the smoke clears out and
my high perhaps
I'm a rip this **** till my
bone collapse.
Music is like magic there's a
certain feeling you get
When you're real and you spit
and people are feeling your
****
This is your moment and every
single minute you spittin'
Trying to hold onto it 'cause
you may never get it again
So while you're in it try to
get as much **** as you can
And when your run is over just
admit when it's at its end
'Cause I'm at the end of my
wits with half the **** that
gets in
I got a list, here's the order
of my list that it's in;
It goes, Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie
Andre from Outkast, Jada,
Kurupt, Nas and then me
But in this industry I'm the
cause of a lot of envy
So when I'm not put on this
list the **** does not offend
me
That's why you see me walk
around like nothing's
bothering me
Even though half you people
got a ******' problem with me
You hate it but you know
respect you've got to give me
The press's wet dream like
Bobby and Whitney, Nate hit me
'Til the roof comes off, till
the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't
shut my mouth.
'Til the smoke clears out and
my high perhaps
I'm a rip this **** till my
bone collapse.
'Til the roof comes off, till
the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't
shut my mouth.
'Til the smoke clears out and
my high perhaps
I'm a rip this **** till my
bone collapse.
Soon as a verse starts I eat
at an MC's heart
What is he thinking? Enough to
not go against me, smart
And its absurd how people hang
on every word
I'll probably never get the
props I feel I ever deserve
But I'll never be served my
spot is forever reserved